Custom Views context hook adjustment (#3292)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/cuddly-clouds-pull.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-config': minor
---

> Introducing the new `resolveCustomViewResourceAccesses` helper which allows calculating the resource accesses for a Custom View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add new helper functions `computeCustomViewPermissionsKeys` and `computeCustomViewResourceAccesses` to compute the permission names for Custom Views.
```
